c:\Users\vill0237\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Organizer\Organizer\bin\Organizer.dll.config
c:\Users\vill0237\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Organizer\Organizer\bin\Organizer.dll
c:\Users\vill0237\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Organizer\Organizer\bin\Organizer.pdb
c:\Users\vill0237\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Organizer\Organizer\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\Users\vill0237\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Organizer\Organizer\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\Users\vill0237\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Organizer\Organizer\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\Users\vill0237\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Organizer\Organizer\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\Users\vill0237\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Organizer\Organizer\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\Users\vill0237\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Organizer\Organizer\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\Users\vill0237\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Organizer\Organizer\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\Users\vill0237\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Organizer\Organizer\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\Users\vill0237\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Organizer\Organizer\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\Users\vill0237\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Organizer\Organizer\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\Users\vill0237\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Organizer\Organizer\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\Users\vill0237\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Organizer\Organizer\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\Users\vill0237\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Organizer\Organizer\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\Users\vill0237\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Organizer\Organizer\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\Users\vill0237\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Organizer\Organizer\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\Users\vill0237\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Organizer\Organizer\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\Users\vill0237\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Organizer\Organizer\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\Users\vill0237\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Organizer\Organizer\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\Users\vill0237\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Organizer\Organizer\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\Users\vill0237\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Organizer\Organizer\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\Users\vill0237\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Organizer\Organizer\obj\Debug\Organizer.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\vill0237\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Organizer\Organizer\obj\Debug\Organizer.dll
c:\Users\vill0237\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Organizer\Organizer\obj\Debug\Organizer.pdb
c:\Users\vill0237\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Organizer\Organizer\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\Users\vill0237\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Organizer\Organizer\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\Users\vill0237\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Organizer\Organizer\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\Users\vill0237\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Organizer\Organizer\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
